All right first digit is a fun one.
We're going to be taking a string and we want to return the left most digit.
So a number from 0 to nine.
The way that I saw this was with includes and split and have some pizza Neumont gassy.
Sucks getting old.
And you know that's our objective return the left most digit here.
Those are hints.
Let's jump into it.
All right so what I saw this was I created a digit array which is a an array of string of five numbers
from 0 to 9.
I then split up our input string and I checked each individual character to say hey is this in here
if it is go ahead and return that value.
That's how I solve this.
So let's go in and create our digits.
Whoops.
Digits.
This is going to be an array and then here we're going to have one too.
And it's actually for a zero zero zero one two.
And I don't have to go in the order of it makes sense to put them numerically in one way or the other
for a parent's sake.
I guess for easy for easy keeping of the new marrows.
All right.
So we have her digits.
Next we're going to do is we're going to create a character char's and you know what I am and return.
This is a string for you to set this up and this is for returning a string as well but a digit string.
Right.
Let's look back at the read mirro real quick yes.
A digit string called are so char's this is going to be all three.
And here she is and we're splitting it from the right input does input string split on each character.
Now what we do is we just want you for loops say left eye equals zero.
All I do is less an input string length because we want to iterate through the whole thing potentially.
And then we just do a check here say look if digits dot includes
includes the current iteration input string.
If that is a true statement meaning that it's there all we want to do now is return input string.
I like so and I forgot to launch Koka.
That's fine.
Well lauching you'll see.
There it is.
I think this is a very intuitive and simple way to solve this but I wouldn't be surprised if there is
another way of doing it as well.
But yeah that's how I did it.